Move `DSL External Format` to core temporarily and (WIP) rework for model generation flow (#838)
finos/legend-studio: .changeset/test-soda-carbs.md

---
'@finos/legend-graph': patch
'@finos/legend-graph-extension-collection': patch
'@finos/legend-query': patch
'@finos/legend-studio': patch
'@finos/legend-studio-app': patch
---

> Rename dsl `serializer` to `externalFormat` and move to core.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Rename  `DSL Serializer` to `DSL  External Format` and move it to core.
```
